#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/base.txt
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via discord.py
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
amqp==2.6.1
    # via kombu
anyio==3.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
babel==2.9.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via google-auth
celery[redis]==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
channels-redis==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
channels==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   channels-redis
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via uvicorn
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   python3-openid
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
discord.py==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dj-stripe==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-allauth==0.43.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-compressor
django-celery-beat==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-compressor==2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-health-check==3.16.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-invitations==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-prometheus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages[google]==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via django-celery-beat
django==3.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   channels
    #   dj-stripe
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonfield
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
flower==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
gast==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow
google-api-core[grpc]==1.26.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iot==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
google-cloud-monitoring==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
google-cloud-pubsub==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
google-cloud-storage==1.37.1
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
h5py==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
hiredis==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aioredis
honeycomb-beeline==2.16.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
httptools==0.1.1
    # via uvicorn
humanize==3.4.1
    # via flower
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   scikit-image
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
ipykernel==5.5.3
    # via notebook
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.5
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via dj-stripe
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-packaging==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==1.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.4.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.0.14
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
kaleido==0.0.3.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
kombu==4.6.11
    # via celery
libcst==0.3.18
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
libhoney==1.10.0
    # via honeycomb-beeline
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   scikit-image
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.2.7
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
networkx==2.5.1
    # via scikit-image
notebook==6.3.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   deprecation
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
plotly==4.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
prometheus-client==0.8.0
    # via
    #   django-prometheus
    #   flower
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.18.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==3.15.8
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.7.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyarrow==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via twisted
pyjwt[crypto]==2.0.1
    # via django-allauth
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-dotenv==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2020.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   flower
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   libcst
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   libhoney
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
    #   tensorboard
retrying==1.3.3
    # via plotly
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
scipy==1.6.2
    # via scikit-image
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   astunparse
    #   automat
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-pasta
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   libhoney
    #   plotly
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
statsd==3.3.0
    # via libhoney
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
stripe==2.56.0
    # via dj-stripe
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-estimator==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.9.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tifffile==2021.4.8
    # via scikit-image
tomlkit==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   flower
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   libcst
    #   tensorflow
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.6.0
    # via libcst
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
uvloop==0.15.2
    # via uvicorn
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
watchgod==0.7
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websockets==8.1
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   honeycomb-beeline
    #   tensorflow
wsproto==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
