#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/local2.txt requirements/local.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   discord.py
    #   print-nanny-client
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
amqp==2.6.1
    # via kombu
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backoff==1.10.0
    # via posthog
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
celery[redis]==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
channels-redis==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
channels==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels-redis
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.5
    # via django-coverage-plugin
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
discord.py==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
dj-stripe==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-allauth==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-compressor
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-compressor==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-coverage-plugin==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-flags==5.0.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-health-check==3.16.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-invitations==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-prometheus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-safedelete==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-storages[google]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-stubs-ext==0.2.0
    # via django-stubs
django-stubs==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via django-celery-beat
django-webpack-loader==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-stripe
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flags
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-safedelete
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonfield
djangorestframework-stubs==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
faker==8.8.2
    # via factory-boy
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
flower==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-api-core[grpc]==1.26.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
google-auth==1.30.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iot==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-monitoring==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-storage==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-storages
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.37.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
honeycomb-beeline==2.16.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
httptools==0.1.2
    # via uvicorn
humanize==3.5.0
    # via flower
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   scikit-image
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via dj-stripe
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
kombu==4.6.11
    # via celery
libcst==0.3.18
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
libhoney==1.10.0
    # via honeycomb-beeline
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
mypy-protobuf==2.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
mypy==0.812
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
networkx==2.5.1
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   qrcode
    #   scikit-image
pip-tools==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
plotly==4.14.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
posthog==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
print-nanny-client==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
prometheus-client==0.8.0
    # via
    #   django-prometheus
    #   flower
proto-plus==1.18.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==3.16.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mypy-protobuf
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/local.in
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via twisted
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via django-allauth
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   python-crontab
python-dotenv==0.17.1
    # via
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   uvicorn
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   flower
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   libcst
    #   uvicorn
qrcode[pil]==6.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-allauth
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   libhoney
    #   posthog
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
retrying==1.3.3
    # via plotly
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
scipy==1.6.3
    # via scikit-image
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   automat
    #   cycler
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   libhoney
    #   plotly
    #   posthog
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   retrying
    #   service-identity
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
statsd==3.3.0
    # via libhoney
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
stripe==2.56.0
    # via dj-stripe
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tifffile==2021.4.8
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via flower
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via mypy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   libcst
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.6.0
    # via libcst
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
uvloop==0.15.2
    # via uvicorn
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   flower
watchgod==0.7
    # via uvicorn
websockets==8.1
    # via uvicorn
wheel==0.36.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via honeycomb-beeline
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
